# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    [gap of 14ms]
    create-X86-model 15ms
    create-X86_64-model 11ms
    [gap of 40ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 92ms
  [gap of 49ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 141ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 37ms]
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 23ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 71ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 80ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 12ms
    [gap of 24ms]
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 23ms
    [gap of 20ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 116ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 122ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 40ms]
    create-module-model 13ms
    [gap of 30ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 83ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 89ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 55ms
  [gap of 24ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 80ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 61ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 67ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 53ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 56ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 55ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 60ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 22ms
    [gap of 50ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 88ms
  [gap of 24ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 112ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 69ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 75ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 64ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 69ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 53ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 58ms

